In the last video,
we focused on the application object,
which represents Excel itself.
In this video look of working with a couple of properties of the workbook object.
So we working in Folder 10 KBB A concepts.
It's no open 05 displaying work but properties.
In this example.
We have a workbook info,
work feet,
and this might be used where a company has a policy off,
always filling in document properties.
Let me just remind you where document properties live,
file info and then I'm right.
We have properties and click here we can get into the balance properties and that you can
see I fell down most of the categories.
So when we opened the workbook,
we want the workbook info tab to display all of those document properties,
and we also want to display the entire path to where this particular work look insane.
It's just a way of allowing to distinguish this workbook from others with a civil,
and they so you can just remind yourself of the physical location or this particular
document.
So let's write down code.
First,
we'll need a module and I put in the module in the workbook as opposed to the personal
workbook.
Let's rename it workbook info.
So Emma workbook info.
Then we click in the code window to activate it and goes inside procedure all the function
time,
so we'll need to functions.
The 1st 1 displays the path,
so we'll call that one workbook past.
We don't need any arguments that nothing goes inside the parentheses,
but we always need to specify the type of data produced by the function.
We do that with the key,
but as And of course,
the path is a string,
and then we can write one line function.
So one line function should always start with the keyword.
Let because we're assigning a value to abate a container.
In this case,
the workbook parents function.
So let's work but pomace equal.
Then we've got to find the syntax for the past of the workbook that contains this function
.
So if you remember,
we've got a special way of saying,
but workbook that contains this function and that is application,
not this workbook.
And then it's gonna be dot something,
and in fact,
there are three properties relating to the name and location off a workbook.
First of all,
we simply have not name.
And if we simply copy that into our new best friend,
the immediate window you remember you type a question mark and then he can execute any
statements because you can see name is purely the name of the workbook.
It doesn't give us any clue as to where the work is saved.
The second property is dot path and it was roll over.
You can see that that is folded 10 inside of which this file is actually saved.
So that's two parts of the puzzle.
We know where it saved and we know what it's called.
And the third property combines the two.
And that is Stop,
Full name,
right,
of course,
is the one that we want.
You'll see that after the folder,
it actually continues and gives us the full power.
So that's the property we need here,
Dr.
Full name.
And that's our function.
We can press that it hasn't got any errors.
I'm leaving.
Then go straight ahead and use.
It equals work,
but path enter.
Now let's do the same for our document properties,
Incent procedure,
time name,
document properties.
And this time we will need an argument.
The text in column A will be the argument that determines which document property is
displayed in column B.
A logical name for the argument would be property,
and it cools its a string.
The function itself also returns a string,
and again we can get away with a one lying function.
So let's name of function equal application,
not this workbook on the property we need is called Got Built in document properties as
opposed to custom document properties and then in parentheses,
we specify which one.
And of course,
the mechanism that we're using is to use the parameter,
the argument as the property.
So we simply put the name of the argument inside the parentheses,
and then whatever we pick up in column A will determine which document property is
displayed on that road.
So it compiles okay on to use it.
We've got one further thing to Ryan out.
We have the text,
we have the name of the property,
but we also have a colon,
so we'll need to get rid of the colon before whatever is in Colin A can be used as the
argument for our function,
but we know how to do that we use the substitute Gulshan.
So this is our first example or combining one of our user defined functions with a built in
excel function.
So we invest in the substitute function.
Inside our music defying function.
So equals document properties,
or pensar and then we're nest in substitutes.
The text is a to former all text is colon coma.
New text is nothing.
In other words,
quotes,
close parentheses,
substitute old and and the closing Prentice's or our Document Properties function.
It picks up out cycle army and then copy down,
and it picks up each of the other document properties.